And now the thing I want to show you with the individual item in a grid is that we can do something
like justify.
Self.
Remember up here we did justify items and align items, but when it comes to individual items, we have
to use self.
And as you can imagine, if I do self start and I refresh here.
We go to the start of the column.
If I do a line.
It's going to go to the start of the row.
And if we do end and refresh again, we see that the same thing is happening.
I'm going to leave this file for you as well so you can play around with it.
I encourage you to try to create different types of grids and looks that you want.
As you can see, it's pretty powerful, but also very, very simple and allows us to create responsive
grid systems very, very easily.
Now there's actually a cheat sheet that you can use to summarize everything that I've taught you up
until now that I'll link to in this video.
It's called the Well The Grid Cheat Sheet, and it shows you exactly why you need to do for the container.
We've learned about great gap grid templates, a line items.
And also what to do with the children such as grit, column, justify self, align self.
And it has all these little snippets that you can just click on and copy.
So I recommend you play around with some of these properties on your own, because in the next part
we're going to use CSS Grid to build a complete website layout.
I'll see you in that one.